Seele TestNet Performance Introduction
======================================

1. Test-net Functions and Their Corresponding Functions in the Whitepaper
-------------------------------------------------------------------------

There are three major highlights in Seele’s whitepaper – the Neural
Consensus Algorithm (EDA), Heterogeneous Forest Network, and Value
Transport Protocol (VTP and QVIC). In this released version of the
test-net, the sPoW consensus algorithm can be regarded as the subnet and
preview version of the EDA. The complete version of the Neural Consensus
Algorithm will be gradually released after the release of our test-net.
A stable version will be released in the main-net.

2. The External Participation Program of Seele Test-net:
--------------------------------------------------------

A three-phase strategy: The first phase is to select certain community
members (users & developers) to experience and test the test-net for one
or two weeks. After gathering their feedback and basing our tests, we’ll
continue to work on enhancements. Crucial enhancements will be released
as soon as possible.

The second phase is to expand the scope and invite more community users
and partners. We will continue to optimize the test-net and enhance user
experience. The time span will be one to two weeks.

The third phase is to open the test-net to the entire community.
Suggestions and recommendations are welcome.

3. Test-net Operation Indicators
--------------------------------

We have reached a peak of 3000 TPS with the block generation time within
10 seconds. When the main-net launches, there will be better
improvements to meet the requirements of various industry applications,
including high-concurrent Internet services and financial services with
strict reliability and security requirements.

Currently, the transaction confirmation delay < 1 minute. When the
main-net launches, we’re planning to reduce the transaction confirmation
delay to within seconds.

In the current version of test-net, our contract virtual machine is
highly compatible with EVM. Most Ethereum smart contracts (including
ERC20) can be executed.

Before the release of main-net, we will also be able to support the
popular WebAssembly smart contracts for complex business logics and
requirements.
